---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---
Getting started with IDB

What you did last week?

Last week, we didn't really go through much material than I anticipated, since we've been getting two days of classes off considering various holidays that occured last week. Otherwise, we continued in trying to finish the second phase of the third and last project of the semester. We managed to complete most of the requirements for the project. Yet, one of our group members hasn't been showing up to meet any of our group. Because of that, we had to delay in turning in our project by a day late. After Tuesday, we decided to begin working on the 3rd phase for the project. Yet, we've been meeting less frequently than we had while working on the last phase. We have also been collecting more data for our database, and trying to update our testing harness as well. 

What’s in the way?

Right now, the group and I have been still trying to get connected with each other much more than we had in the first phase. We had a few arguments and inconveniences as most of us have been out of town. Also, we also lost connection with one of our other memebers. He hasn't been showing up working with at least one of us.  

What will you do next week?

Next week, I will try to follow along with the rest of the group in finishing the third phase for the project. It's bad enough that one of our members has pretty much quit to contribute to our group project. I'll even start studying for the last test that's coming up within a few weeks later.

Tip of the week

Communication and trust are two important factors in a group when trying to work on a certain project, such as this one. Talk to each other as much as you can, and find time to work and cooperate with at least one other person who's also in the same group as you. Working alone on one part of the project is better than no one working on it, but having one extra person with you is much better so that you wuold be able to have someone help you out as you're working.
