What you did last week?

Last week I was working with a partner on the second project that I was able to contact to start the project early. I was also keeping up with Xtreme programming along with other articles that have been given to me throughout this week so far. It was cool to see how a group of guys were able to trade up program based on what the second project was about. During the weekend we managed to with more than half of the project and I am hoping that we're able to accurately find the expected RMSE value.

What's in the way?

While working on the second project with my partner there weren't any errors and issues that were giving us a lot of trouble. However, there were a few bugs that he felt necessary to fix both of us are hoping to resolve those issues early so we could check with either of the TA's to see if we're making exceptional progress.

What will you do next week?

Next week, I will start studying for the upcoming test which will be on Monday based on the schedule Downing has posted for us. I have heard the very many okay to rough things in the upcoming test from one person who has taken a class similar to this material. From what I've heard, I will try to form a group so we could study for this test and hopefully and be able to ace the test on test day. I will also try to finish up the project with my partner during the remaining days until the deadline.

Tip of the week

As soon as you hear about a project you can work collaboratively with at least one person, do all you can to find the partner who is willing to start the project early so that neither of you would be easily stressed out, trying to rush through and finishing the project. Otherwise, you will be bit pretty hard by time. Therefore, you might not get the amount of points you're execting to retrieve once it gets graded.
